Add Project Tutorial: Build an Album Finder with the Spotify Web API (#129)
codedex-io/projects: projects/build-an-album-finder-with-spotify-api/build-an-album-finder-with-spotify-api.mdx

---
title: Build an Album Finder with the Spotify Web API
author: Ellie Popoca
uid: 11zhRKeJCWWcD7IkTJBtuK3Mkvo1
datePublished: 2024-01-26
description: Learn to make an album finder app with the Spotify API and ReactJS.
header: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codedex-io/projects/main/projects/build-an-interactive-soundboard-with-p5js/images/seo-header.png

> bannerImage: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codedex-io/projects/main/projects/build-an-interactive-soundboard-with-p5js/header.gif

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bannerImage: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codedex-io/projects/main/projects/build-an-album-finder-with-the-spotify-api/header.gif
```

Author: ohh true.... lol oops

> published: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
published: false
```
